- [Instructor] We've come along way in this course.
And finally we'll start by considering JMS headers
and ways to utilize them in our course project.
Just a quick recap on JMS headers, the spec says
a JMS message header contains a number of predefined
fields that contain values that both clients and providers
use to identify and route messages.
In addition to JMS headers, the spec says
you can also create and set properties for messages if you
need values in addition to those
provided by the header fields.
These additional properties or customer headers if you like
can be used in a message agnostic manner to help control
the flow in your application by reading properties.
So let's go back to our code and modify a send and
convert method to set some headers and properties.
I've made some modifications again to facilitate
our training by adding additional parameters which
will be set from the web front end.
I'll show you those in a moment but for now,
please make sure you have the correct
project files open in your editor.
Opening again the book order service,
go into the send method, and let's modify
the convert and send method and add another parameter
after the book order parameter.
What we'll add is a new message post processor.
And then modify the message value that appears inside.
Using the message post processor, we're able
to access the core JMS message object
which can set the default JMS headers
or add custom headers to the message.
What we're going to do is add some custom header properties
so what we'll type is message.setStringProperty
in we'll type bookOrderId,bookOrder.getBookOrderId.
We'll add another message property, we'll say
netmessage set string property, this time we're gonna
pass in the store id and we'll pass in the value store id.
As you can tell, these values are already pre set for
you with the changes I talked about.
The last one we're gonna do again is set string property
and this time we're gonna call this the order state
and we're gonna pass in an order state value.
Okay, so you can see we're adding two properties
here to put in these customer headers,
the book order id and the store id.
Imagine with me you own a warehouse and there
are multiple stores out there, maybe there are different
processing rules for some stores compared to others.
Also notice we're adding an order state.
This parameter is currently set to new but
it is designed where it could be many different states
like update, delete, or updated or deleted.
Finally we just need to return our message.
Those states that I mentioned could be handled
differently from the warehouse perspective.
This means the message is agnostic of its order state.
So you could have an order state of delete to
remove or cancel and order or an order state
of update for well, you get the idea.
Okay, let's compile and run the application.
Okay, so it's complied, let's go back to our application.
We'll refresh the page and we're going to ensure
that we choose an order state of new with an add to order.
Again, Lord of the Flies is gonna be chosen here.
Okay again we're seeing the air handling kicking off.
We've submitted Lord of the Flies.
Let's go over to our active MQ, click on queues again.
We have a message, actually it populated just as
I clicked on it, we have two message.
We'll go to the last message that was sent.
And what I want you to notice here is we now
have a book order property, we have a store id
and we have the order state.